readme.md, before:

# indra

![GitHub Workflow Status (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/KyoriPowered/indra/build/master) [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)](license.txt) [![Maven metadata URL](https://img.shields.io/maven-metadata/v?label=gradle%20plugin%20portal&metadataUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fplugins.gradle.org%2Fm2%2Fnet%2Fkyori%2Findra-common%2Fmaven-metadata.xml)](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/net.kyori.indra)

A set of gradle plugins to apply common organization build settings.


### Contributing

We appreciate contributions of any type. For any new features or typo-fix/style changes, please open an issue or come talk to us in our [Discord] first so we make sure you're going in the right direction for the project.

This project is built with Gradle and requires at least JDK 8. Please make sure all tests pass and license headers are updated to help us review your contribution.

`indra` is released under the terms of the [MIT License](license.txt).

[Discord]: https://discord.gg/MMfhJ8F

Commit message:

docs: Add note to README about wiki

readme.md, after:

# indra

![GitHub Workflow Status (branch)](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/KyoriPowered/indra/build/master) [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)](license.txt) [![Maven metadata URL](https://img.shields.io/maven-metadata/v?label=gradle%20plugin%20portal&metadataUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fplugins.gradle.org%2Fm2%2Fnet%2Fkyori%2Findra-common%2Fmaven-metadata.xml)](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/net.kyori.indra)

A set of gradle plugins to apply common organization build settings.

Take a look at [our wiki](https://github.com/KyoriPowered/indra/wiki) for a list of included plugins and what each one does.

### Contributing

We appreciate contributions of any type. For any new features or typo-fix/style changes, please open an issue or come talk to us in our [Discord] first so we make sure you're going in the right direction for the project.

This project is built with Gradle and requires at least JDK 8. Please make sure all tests pass and license headers are updated to help us review your contribution.

`indra` is released under the terms of the [MIT License](license.txt).

[Discord]: https://discord.gg/MMfhJ8F
